Placeholder fields and Osquery UI updates (#3045)
elastic/security-docs: docs/osquery/osquery-response-action.asciidoc

** *Existing rule*: Edit the rule's settings, then go to the *Actions* tab. In the tab, click the *osquery* icon under the Response Actions section.
. Specify whether you want to set up a single live query or a pack:
** *Query*: Select a saved query or enter a new one. After you enter the query, you can expand the **Advanced** section to view or set {kibana-ref}/osquery.html#osquery-map-fields[mapped ECS fields] included in the results from the live query. Mapping ECS fields is optional.
+

> TIP: Use <<osquery-placeholder-fields,placeholder fields>> to dynamically add existing alert data to your query. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: You can use <<osquery-placeholder-fields,placeholder fields>> to dynamically add alert data to your query. 
```
